1) I did more of my own take on this assignment. My website was a page that rated restaurants in Seattle. I feel like my webpage would act as a advertisment for these restaurants. On the website their was a home page that discussed the top 5 restaurants and the explination for top 5. It included an about section on how we actually "rated" the restaurants. A contact us section to get reminders of new updates and a space for people to put their own requests in. And lastly a services page with what the restaurants offer in regards to food, hours and what their dining looks like in times of covid.

2) It is important to consider a mobile-first design because in today's world almost everyone has a smart phone, if not a tablet or an I pad. Although computers are used often as well, creating a mobile-first design will allow the reader to either view it from their computer and/or their phone. Not just one or the other. I noticed when I minimized my browser the text moves with the sizing difference which is such a great help so you can open a few different windows at once and still read the website! I've noticed some websites that don't do this, whether it be doing research while also typing a paper, regardless it's hard to want to be on a website that doesn't use a mobile first design.

3) My challenges were with creating the navigation bar at the top of the page, but I actually used my assignment from last week (week 12) to help me make sure I had all of the components. I also had trouble with the dropdown, but for my check in last week Professor Cassens helped me understand the difference between relative and absolute!
