1) The universal element is for when you want to style your entire page and every element on that page. When you want to use the universal element you will use the * (star). As for the element selector, this is for when you only want to select specific elements throughout your page. For example, if there was one specific heading you wanted to select (a heading 1 or 2) so you could make all those headings the same color, font, and size without having to go into each one seperate and enter in those styles. When working with class selectors, they select the elements with a certain class detail. When you want to use the class selector you will use a (.) period and then follow that with the name of the class you want to select. And lastly, the ID selector will select based on a value of the id attribute. If the id attributes in your page match the value given in your ID selector they will be changed with this selector.

If you are looking for a selector to change a specific part of your page, go with element selector, class selector or the ID selector. With one of those three, you can either select a specific element you want to change throughout your page, a certain class you want to change or a value. But if you want to change the style on your entire page (background color or font), use the universal element.

2) My color pallet matched my 1970's outfit theme. I used bright colors you would see in the 70's whether that be the wallpaper, the color of the houses or even the colors on men and women's outfits. For the font color, I went with (#202020) rgb(32,32, 32) so that the font would pop with the background color. For the background color of the body, I used dark green because when I was researching outfits there was a lot of greens. I used brown for the boarder color to give some neutral to the other bright colors. And I also used light blue for my third color of choice.

3) The challenges that I had this week were with the sizing of the page and size of the elements. It's tricky to go back and forth to check and make sure it's looking how you want it to come out. But how I overcame this challange is giving myself plenty of time to get this done and not procasitinating. 
