1) The main document elements such as the head and the body should only have one of each of the main body elements. Ex; one head, one body, one title. This is because the main tag's purpose is to outline the documents main contents. This results in the idea that all your pages content should be inside the body. I believe a document can have more than one main element as long as it has a hidden attribute specified, however for our purposes I don't think its necessary. The <head> of a page's purpose is that its a container for the data and its placed in between the <html> and <body> tag's. This <head> element is not displayed, but contains information like the style, character set, ect. On the other hand, the <body> tag contains the pages content and rather than style and character set like the <head> element displays it shows the images, text and hyperlinks. 


2) Structural markup is the actual page layout and gives information about the structure of the document. For example, the title, paragraphs and any breaks in the document. Whereas, semantic markup is how you structure and write the HTML so it reinforces the content, not the way the document is structured. A way that you can reinforce with semantics in your document is using bold or italics.


3) Before I started this assignment I went through the practice to help me do the assignment smoother and as i was completing assignment 6 I wrote down questions to review after my assignment to make sure I structured it right. One thing I wasn't too sure of is if the headings were all suppose to be "heading 1's" or if the title of the recipe was suppose to be a heading one and the other headings were suppose to be subheadings. I also didn't know if the "visit the recipe page here!" was supposed to be listed as a unordered list or not.
