1) Divs are sections or divisions in a HTML document. The Div tag is in comparison to a container that holds your HTML elements. Whereas, classes are classnames for an element and they are valid in every HTML element. We could use classes to access elements and different HTML elements can all be used for the same class name. Just like the classes I just talked about, the ID attribute also an identifier and selector. But with the ID attribute, it is unique to that one specific element, not all elements. A spans can exist within divs. What spans do is identify and/or group together content. And whats cool about spans is there can be more than one spans element inside a div.

2) Hosting your videos with either youtube or vimeo can come with many pros and cons. Some cons that stand out to me is privacy, if you don't want any random person to view your video it can be more tricky, you can unlist the video so only people with links can access the content, however that won't stop someone from recording yours and posting it again or sharing with someone else. Another con is that having all those youtube symbols and signs can make your video/ page look unprofessional. And, with all the ads that youtube places in your videos, it may make people want to leave and go to a different site. A pro that would be important to me is that youtube allows for subscribing, where any amount of people from 10 to millions of people can subscribe so they get notifications about when you have a new video out, it can in some ways create a "community". And other reason youtube would be a pro for streaming videos is that you could make ad revenue off of your videos or if sponsers are interested in you they could pay you to promote their product.

3) The challenges I had this week were embedding the audio and video into my document. I tried over and over to recopy the links and make sure they were embedded, but every time I checked on a browser it still wouldn't show up. I got help my emailing Professor Cassens.  
